[MAYUMI] Yoshida, I've confirmed
the signal at the
Tokyo Tower park.
The targets are heading toward
the Iikura Intersection now.
[MIKIHIKO]
Roger.
I'm approaching the
Toranomon intersection
on Sakurada Street.
Detouring to the
Iikura intersection.
[MAYUMI]
Try to make it in ten minutes.
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
[MIKIHIKO]
I expect to be there in two.
[MAYUMI sighs]
Then we'll make it in time.
[MAYUMI] After Tatsuya
left that meeting,
we decided, together,
that I would be in charge
of coordinating intel
for the parasite search.
Meanwhile, Jumonji and
Chiba are both leading
the respective search teams
already on the ground.
That being said,
I don't actually mind the
fact that Tatsuya organized
the parasite pursuit
system himself.
But keep having this nagging
feeling that he's using us.
[MAYUMI chuckles]
[MAYUMI]
Just you wait.
On Valentine's Day,
I'll give you chocolates.
But they'll be the bitterest
ones you've ever tasted.
[TATSUYA grunts]
♪
[MIYUKI]
Brother, is something wrong?
You seem concerned.
I'm fine. It's nothing
to worry about.
[phone rings]
[TATSUYA]
Hello? Shizuku? What's up?
Has something happened?
[MIYUKI gasps]
[MIYUKI]
Shizuku?!
What on earth are you
dressed like that for?!
Good evening to you,
Tatsuya... Miyuki.
[MIYUKI gasps]
Spare the formalities!
At least put a robe on,
or something!
[SHIZUKU]
If you insist...
I, um... I'm sorry to
call you so late.
Oh, it's not actually
that late here.
Have you been drinking?
You seem off...
You mean alcohol?
[hicups] 'course not.
Why do you ask?
[TATSUYA]
No reason.
Well, anyway,
what's going on?
[SHIZUKU] Mm. There's a
lot to tell you.
And I thought I'd better
do it as soon as possible.
[TATSUYA] You have information?
That's great.
Praise me a little more.
There's no one who's more
impressive than you, Shizuku.
So, then. What info
have you gathered?
I found out how and why the
parasites have materialized.
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI gasp]
[SHIZUKU]
And here's what it was...
This may sound crazy,
but it was an experiment to
create little dark holes.
What? Dark holes?
Shizuku, what exactly
does that mean?
[SHIZUKU]
I don't know.
That's why I thought I'd
call here and ask Tatsuya.
[TATSUYA] An extradimensional
theory trial...
The purpose being to
generate and evaporate
micro black holes, correct?
[SHIZUKU]
Yeah, that's right.
[TATSUYA]
So that happened...
[MIYUKI]
Huh?
[SHIZUKU]
Uh‐oh, what now?
Putting it simply,
the experiment
was to artificially create
a very small black hole,
and effectively harness
the energy from it.
Is that what extradimensional
theory means?
Actually taking energy
from other dimensions?
[TATSUYA] No, extradimensional
theory isn't related
to the process of
harnessing the energy.
Rather, what the
idea posits, is:
Our universe is
like a thin film of
three‐dimensional space,
bound within a
higher‐dimensional world,
where the only force
that can surmount
the dimensional
walls is gravity.
Put another way,
because gravity leaks a
large portion of its energy
into other dimensions,
we can only observe
it in this dimension
as a much less powerful
force than it actually is.
[SHIZUKU grunts]
Miyuki, did you get all that?
Unfortunately, a lot of it
went right over my head.
But Brother, hold on...
You still haven't explained
what any of that
has to do with the parasites.
Magic isn't constrained
by the laws
of conservation of energy.
I assume you already know magic
presents the appearance
of being able to refute the
law of energy conservation,
don't you?
They call that proposition the
First Paradox of Modern Magic,
if memory serves.
But that prop'sition, um...
...the propersition itself was
conclud'd to be imcomplete.
So that means it
wasn't finished?
[TATSUYA]
Uh... Yes.
Regarding that
aforementioned law,
it's crucial to remember
that in a closed system,
the total amount of
energy remains the same.
If you did observe a variation
in said energy total,
it would mean one of two things:
You've either made an
observational error,
or that the system
wasn't closed.
This world, in which
we observe magic,
clearly isn't a closed system.
That seems related to the
extradimensional theory
you explained before.
[SHIZUKU]
I get it.
So that means the
energy magic needs
is supplied from a
whole 'nother dimension?
[TATSUYA]
As of late, a growing number
of magical researchers
endorse that notion.
I happen to agree.
I'm about to offer a hypothesis
that has no backup proof, but...
...I think gravity
affects other dimensions.
Wouldn't that mean it supports
the walls between them, too?
So perhaps...
[TATSUYA]
...magic is also drawing energy
from a different dimension,
but without breaking that wall.
However, if you generate
a micro black hole
using calculated energy based
on the extradimensional theory,
gravity acting across
the dimensional wall,
would then be erased by the
generation of the black hole.
When that happens, for the
instant the black hole
is created, perhaps the
dimensional wall would waver.
And if the dimensional wall were
to waver, what would happen?
Magical energy you
can't control with magic
programs will leak through?
That's kinda scary...
When the wall behaves that way,
information bodies of
magical energy formed
in that other dimension
could potentially invade
our world at some point.
But that's just my opinion.
[SHIZUKU sighs]
[MIYUKI]
Brother...
[ERIKA] It was fleeing by
itself the whole time,
then, suddenly, two more just
show up out of nowhere?!
I mean that's so unfair,
don't you think, Mizuki?
Um, yeah, sure.
I suppose so.
[MIZUKI]
Is she actually referring
to the parasites, or...?
Hey, Erika, I have
a question for you.
Are you fighting with Tatsuya?
Wh‐What are you even
talking about, Mizuki?!
Of course we're not fighting.
We're good. Totally fine!
It's all cool!
[MIZUKI] There's no need
to get so worked up.
But seriously,
we're not fighting.
It's just gotten really
awkward for me lately.
At the end of the day,
I realize I depend on
Tatsuya way too much.
I didn't say anything
about it at the time,
because I just assumed
he'd be coming with us.
And that's why, when I saw
him helping that girl out,
I got ticked off and felt the
urge to call him a two‐timer.
[groans]
I wish I could just crawl
in a hole and die!
[MIZUKI sighs]
[ERIKA]
Oh, great.
What's up with the "I'm utterly
annoyed and over this" sigh.
I wouldn't say "utterly,"
but I am a bit over it.
I figured you were here.
Here, I brought sandwiches!
Oh, thank you, that's so nice.
[ERIKA]
Yeah!
Really thoughtful of you, Miki.
No, they're not from me.
They're from Tatsuya.
[ERIKA, MIZUKI]
Huh?
He said you seem
to be avoiding him,
so he wanted me
to bring these.
You see? Tatsuya hasn't
forgotten about you.
But it does seem like
he's one step ahead.
[ERIKA chuckles]
[MIKIHIKO laughs]
[ERIKA]
Ah. Miki!
[LINA gasps]
[gasps]
[MIZUKI gasps]
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO gasp]
[MIZUKI]
What is this?
I've never once seen...
such an aura before.
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
Mizuki, you should
be okay now.
Put your glasses back on.
I felt an evil presence...
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO gasp]
You mean a parasite's
in the school?!
But why would it come here?!
[ERIKA] It's got guts,
I'll give it that!
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
Miki, where is it?!
Hey, just calm down alright?
First, let's get our CADs.
After that, we should
contact the upperclassmen.
[ERIKA grunts]
Yeah, you're right.
Mizuki, you wait
in the classroom.
[MIZUKI grunts]
I'm going, too.
Sorry, what?
[MIZUKI] I have this feeling
I'm supposed to go with you.
I don't know why, but I need to.
[ERIKA gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
Okay.
But don't leave
my side, got that?
Miki?
[MIKIHIKO] It'll be easier to
deal with it if we're together,
than if it attacks her alone.
Besides, remember her eyes.
They can help us!
[ERIKA gasps]
[ERIKA softly chuckles]
[ERIKA]
Okay, then, Miki.
It's up to you to take
responsibility for her
and make sure she's protected,
understand?
You don't have to tell me that.
[MIZUKI gasps]
Let's go. We got this.
[MIZUKI]
Mm!
Right!
[LINA] A parasite's here.
I can sense it!
Mia's by the side entrance!
Wait, what...?
Are you kidding me?
[TATSUYA]
Miyuki, what's wrong?
I just felt an unpleasant wave.
Like something grazed
against my skin...
[HONOKA whimpers]
An unpleasant wave?
Was it Psionic?
Or a Pushion wave?
I don't know.
That said, if it somehow
got by you, Brother,
then it's probably... a Pushion.
[TATSUYA]
Could it be... a parasite?
[phone rings]
Yes.
[MAYUMI]
Tatsuya, it's terrible!
[TATSUYA] Saegusa, do you
know the exact location?
[MAYUMI] I'm glad I
don't have to explain.
The signal is moving
from the side entrance
toward the lab building's
service entrance for materials.
Maximillian employees
were scheduled
to do a demo for a new
measuring device just today.
Roger that.
Honoka, sorry, but I'm
going with my brother.
Tatsuya! Miyuki!
It's not cool you're
leaving me here alone!
That's Lina!
Oh! Mia!
Commander...
[TATSUYA]
Who is she?
Wait, that's...
[LINA]
Huh? What's wrong?
[MIA]
Oh, it's nothing, don't worry.
She that?
She swattered away
spirits no normal magician
should have known
were around them.
No question.
She's definitely a parasite.
[grunts]
[ERIKA]
Lina...
Looks like this makes
her an accomplice, then.
I can throw up a sound‐and‐
vision‐blocking barrier.
It won't fool machines, but...
Don't worry, I'll do
something about that.
[ERIKA grunts, gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
Erika, not yet.
Yeah, I know.
Here I go.
[MIA, LINA gasp]
[MIYUKI]
Wow! Is that a barrier?
I have to say, Mikihiko's good.
Its effects are visual
and auditory deprivation.
It won't prevent the actual
object from moving, though.
What's going on?!
We're surrounded!
[LINA gasps]
[ERIKA shouts]
Watch out!
[MIA gasps]
[ERIKA growls]
Erika?!
[grunts]
[ERIKA gasps]
What the hell do you
think you're doing?!
[ERIKA gasps]
[gasps]
[LINA]
Katsuto Jumonji?!
Mia!
[MIA gasps]
[grunts]
[ERIKA, LINA gasp]
[LINA]
She blocked it bare‐handed!
And that swing was
really powerful...
Mia?
[SILVIA]
Lina, can you hear me?
Silvie?
[SILVIA] Thank goodness,
I got through to you!
I've finally discovered
who "White Mask" is!
It was actually Mia!
Michaela Hongou was our
target this whole time!
[gasps]
[LINA]
Mia!
You were the one behind
the white mask?!
[gasps]
Oh, now you wanna fight?!
[MIA gasps]
[ERIKA]
Heh!
[gasps]
[shouts]
Healing Magic?!
That wound closed itself!
I was right. Looks like
you're a genuine monster.
[MIYUKI] In that case,
why don't I do this?
[MIA gasps]
[ERIKA]
Aw, man...
That wasn't very satisfying.
Miyuki...
Look Lina, she may
be your acquaintance,
but we'll be
taking her now.
[grunts]
Fine.
[ERIKA]
Wait, not so fast.
You can't just take her away.
We need a moment.
If this is the girl
who hurt Leo,
then I'm not giving her up to
anyone else, not even you.
That's fine.
As long as you're willing to
share what you come up with.
[KATSUTO]
I'll contact you about it.
[TATSUYA] Thank you, Jumonji.
I really appreciate that.
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
Look out!
[KATSUTO grunts]
[ERIKA gasps]
Well, she's clearly
still frozen,
so she can't be conscious
in there, let alone use magic.
Is that...?!
Self‐destruct!
[KATSUTO, TATSUYA]
Get down!
[ALL gasp]
Ball lightning, now?!
[LINA grunts]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[TATSUYA]
I'm looking around,
but I don't see a
caster anywhere.
[TATSUYA]
It must be the parasite!
[MIKIHIKO]
That's strange...
Why isn't it trying to
run away from here?
[KATSUTO] What are your
thoughts on it, Shiba?
I don't know whether
it's deliberate
or instinctive behavior,
but it seems to have a good
reason for keeping us here.
[ERIKA pants]
Hey, Lina, you got anything?
A parasites' purpose is to
possess human‐beings
and alter them.
[gasps]
Searching for a
host is apparently
their behavioral principle.
It's a self‐preservation
instinct.
[TATSUYA]
In other words,
it's actively looking for
the next person to possess?
Probably.
So, how does it work?
That's a good question.
That's what I'd
like to know, too.
[TATSUYA]
Useless...
[LINA gasps]
What did you just say?!
This isn't good.
It's after Erika.
[gasps]
[MIKIHIKO] Did it detect
that she doesn't have any
way to resist it?
If I at least knew
where it is now,
then I could
do something, but...
[MIZUKI] Yoshida,
please undo the barrier.
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
Wait a minute, what are you‐‐
I might be able to
figure out where it is.
[gasps]
Forget about it.
It'll be too risky.
With its energy released,
who knows what will happen
when you look at it?
Worst‐case, you could
go blind, or maybe worse.
When I first decided
to be a magician,
I was prepared for
all of the risks.
Erika's in danger, isn't she?
So, If I can't help
her out right now,
then I don't have any
reason to be here!
[gasps]
Okay.
[MIZUKI gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
Put this around your neck.
[MIZUKI]
Huh?
If you feel like
you are in danger,
you can use it to
cover your eyes.
It should be far more
effective than your glasses.
[gasps]
Uh, is this right?
Promise me.
Don't do anything reckless.
Erika would never want
such a huge sacrifice
made for her.
By you, or anyone.
[MIZUKI]
Mm. I promise.
[MIKIHIKO]
Mm.
Here I go.
Ready!
[grunts]
[gasps, grunts]
[gasps]
[MIZUKI] There it is!
That's the parasite!
[gasps]
[MIZUKI]
Look up!
About two meters above Erika!
It's one meter to the right,
and fifty centimeters behind.
There's a point of contact there
that the monster is using!
[MIKIHIKO]
Anti‐demon spell!
Garudaflame!
[TATSUYA grunts]
[TATSUYA]
Mikihiko's Spirit Magic.
[TATSUYA] I could only
get a vague impression
of the parasite before,
but now it's crystal clear.
Has itts existence in
the physical dimension
been strengthened because
Mizuki identified it?
[TATSUYA] Because if so, then
she's in serious danger now!
[gasps]
It's coming!
[MIKIHIKO]
Really?!
Where is it?!
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
[gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
There you are!
[MIKIHIKO shouts]
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
Tatsuya...!
[TATSUYA]
It got away.
[KATSUTO]
We must've at least injured it.
But it's fine.
We should just be thankful
none of us got hurt this time.
[TATSUYA]
If I'd used Gram Demolition,
then the parasite would've
been blown away.
But I didn't, and it escaped.
I knew that all too well.
[TATSUYA] From the perspective
of combat objective completion,
the best takeaway from this,
is that we only barely
managed not to lose anything.
[TATSUYA]
What an absolute disgrace...
♪